OSDOCS#10322: HCP Workshop cleanup (#75111)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-hcp-vpc-terraform.adoc

----
$ export SUBNET_IDS=$(terraform output -raw cluster-subnets-string)
----
+

> Verify that the variables were correctly set with the following command:

Reviewer: It might make more sense to have this as bullets because there are multiple commands/steps in this optional procedure. You did it as bullets above with "Account roles". 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/119696027/8e99e8ef-0078-4fc5-aa4b-b0ffcbf6cde3)

> ** Verify that the variables were correctly set with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Verify that the variables were correctly set by running/entering the following command:
```
Nit for internationalization. +1 to Janelle's comments. I think you only need one `*` here, right?

Author: @michaelryanpeter can you check the PR now? We restructured all of the optional ones. I thought it would be a `**` since it's supposed to be a sub-bullet to 2. - it's a one step procedure if you did the optional numbered step.
